3. **Body Parsing Process** 
   - Explain the process of converting HTML body to a JSON object
   - Describe the initial body submission type


---

<br>

**???** lets first talk about HTML `form tag` and its `Attributes`:-
```html
<form action="/path" method="POST" enctype="">

</form>    
```

`action`: Specifies the URL endpoint to which the data is sent (/path).<br>
`method`: Specifies the HTTP method (POST,PUT) in case of `POST` sends data in the request body.<br>
`enctype`: Specifies how the form data should be encoded before sending it. The Default value is `application/x-www-form-urlencoded`<br>

**A.** When the user submits an HTML form, the browser collects the input data from the form inputs and encodes it into a specific format depending on the value of the `enctype` value and use the `method` value to take an `action`. (may be send that encoded data to the action value "/path" if the method is "POST").


**???** let talk about that operation of `Encoding Form Data` (inital body submission Type) as you named it (saleh) :) :-

It depends on the form's `enctype` attribute.<br>
1. Default (no enctype):
    - Content-Type will be: `application/x-www-form-urlencoded`.
    - Body Format: Enocded key-value pairs `(key1=value1&key2=value2)`.
2. enctype = "application/json"
    - Content-Type will be: `application/json`
    - Body Format: JSON string ( {"key":"value", "key":"value"} )
3. enctype = "mulipart/form-data"
    - Content-Type will be: `mulipart/form-data`
    - Body Format: Binary data with field boundaries (user for file uploads)
4. enctype = "text/plain"
    - Content-Type will be: `text/plain`
    - Body Format: Raw, unencoded text (key1=value1 key2=value2).


**B.** After that `Encoded Data` Sent by browser Over HTTP header indicating the Content-Type. 
Example HTTP Request:-
```
Post /recruitmentForm HTTP/1.1
Host: IEEEMansoura.com
Content-Type: application/x-www-form-urlencoded

person=MohamedElshahaby&age=21&IsVolunteer=yes
```

**c.** Then Server Receives the Request<br>
and looks at the `Contant-Type` header to understand how the body is formatted. The middleware configured on the server (express.urlencoded()) intercepts and handles the body parsing.
The middleware converts the key-value pairs into a JSON object.
then now the Server can access the parsed data via `res.body`. 
```JSON
res.body = {person: "Mohamed Elshahaby", age:"21", IsVolunteer:"yes"}
```
